From the table on the "Booked Premium Transactions Ledger" screen, remove the "War Risk" and 
"Estimated Premium" and this is not needed on the table but needs to be on the transaction. Add the "Date Coded".  Combine the information from "Renewal Summary" to the "Policy Details". Then move "
Rating Methodology" to the "Renewal Rates" and rename to "Policy Term Rates". To the Policy Details & New opportunity creation and the opportunity screens, add Payment Frequency (This is a drop down that is being fed from the index file for safety information from the index and hard code in the app.) it also and to display on the Stop Loss Quote screen. Also on the Quote screen and the policy detail screen and the opportunity screen. add "Credit Region" "Sales Rep." "Underwriter". Copy this information off of the index file and move to the systems google sheets file so it can be acceded later. Based on the policyholder address, Use the sales Rep tab column D do determine what the region is in column C ad assign the sales rep. then use this information to determine the credited region from the branch tab. On the "Relationships & Accounts" add a display for the address and mailing address. On the "Policy-specific Enrollment Census" screen add counts to display Active and Inactive headcounts. Also ad a search or filter abilities. Add census upload to the audit log. Rename "Email policyholder" to "Email Policyholder". Also on the "Booked Premium Trans" make Back Out into a button. Show the total premium booked, amount unpaid, if there is a gap in the premium coding based on the payment frequency. Also indicate if the account is delinquent, no premium booked in the current month. Also create a warning if a transaction appears to be a duplicate coding. Add the 
Specific (Individual), Aggregate, Specific + Aggregate. indicators to the Policy Details page and to the relationship page, based on which is selected. (should be near the claims data. Ont he step on eof the stop loss quote, the Aggregate · group frequency & Specific · member severity sections should appear based on the Specific (Individual), Aggregate, Specific + Aggregate. indicators to the Policy Details page and t selection. Also rearrange the fields to take up less row, maybe 2 or 3 elements on the same line.  Combine "Step 1 · Intake & validation Source package validation" with "Source-package intake" under the "
Extracted RFP Cover Sheet " section, separate the elements, for example Producer and Brokerage should be in separate boxes.  Put "Contract framework" & "Expected source window" towards the top of the quote page and on the 'Policy Detail" screen.
