rename "Sales / CRM (CRS)" to "Sales / CRM", also rename "Operations & Licensing" to "Producer Licensing". Pull the following information from the attached index files and add them the they system database google sheets file (that all the other system data is stored in.) any new agents, brokerages and updates will update the google sheets file so that the data is accessible. 

He has the ability to upload documents and be able to tag the documents as well and have the AI within the opportunity to be able to scan the documents and summarize and provide the button to be able to view the summary of the documents. And or also be able to go ahead downtown provide the information into the system via button for the AI to be described as to what the question will be just like on the other document fields.

The, from the "Booked Premium Transactions Ledger" screen. The view button should pull up a view only version of the " Book Premium Transaction" screen. The following fields need to be added to this screen, State (this is a dropdown), RLC, Comment (if not user entered, they system should add a comment with the reporting month, headcount, Div/PO ( if an account has a Div or a PO setup on it, then the fields and the data should appear, look at the index as a reference of field layout.) also add a way to tie the current months enrollment file to the premium coding screen and based on the active counts and prem, the collected premium should be calculated form the enrollment data. On the view version of the screen, the Info of who booked it and when should appear. 

From the table on the "Booked Premium Transactions Ledger" screen, remove the "War Risk" and 
"Estimated Premium" and this is not needed on the table but needs to be on the transaction. Add the "Date Coded".  Combine the information from "Renewal Summary" to the "Policy Details". Then move "
Rating Methodology" to the "Renewal Rates" and rename to "Policy Term Rates". To the Policy Details & New opportunity creation and the opportunity screens, add Payment Frequency (This is a drop down that is being fed from the index file for safety information from the index and hard code in the app.) it also and to display on the Stop Loss Quote screen. Also on the Quote screen and the policy detail screen and the opportunity screen. add "Credit Region" "Sales Rep." "Underwriter". Copy this information off of the index file and move to the systems google sheets file so it can be acceded later. Based on the policyholder address, Use the sales Rep tab column D do determine what the region is in column C ad assign the sales rep. then use this information to determine the credited region from the branch tab. On the "Relationships & Accounts" add a display for the address and mailing address. On the "Policy-specific Enrollment Census" screen add counts to display Active and Inactive headcounts. Also ad a search or filter abilities. Add census upload to the audit log. Rename "Email policyholder" to "Email Policyholder". Also on the "Booked Premium Trans" make Back Out into a button. Show the total premium booked, amount unpaid, if there is a gap in the premium coding based on the payment frequency. Also indicate if the account is delinquent, no premium booked in the current month. Also create a warning if a transaction appears to be a duplicate coding. Add the 
Specific (Individual), Aggregate, Specific + Aggregate. indicators to the Policy Details page and to the relationship page, based on which is selected. (should be near the claims data. Ont he step on eof the stop loss quote, the Aggregate · group frequency & Specific · member severity sections should appear based on the Specific (Individual), Aggregate, Specific + Aggregate. indicators to the Policy Details page and t selection. Also rearrange the fields to take up less row, maybe 2 or 3 elements on the same line.  Combine "Step 1 · Intake & validation Source package validation" with "Source-package intake" under the "
Extracted RFP Cover Sheet " section, separate the elements, for example Producer and Brokerage should be in separate boxes.  Put "Contract framework" & "Expected source window" towards the top of the quote page and on the 'Policy Detail" screen.